Creating packages (#7705)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/packages.md

<UseCaseInfo/>

## How do I create a package?

Creating packages is an advanced use of dbt, but it can be a relatively simple task. The only strict requirement is the presence of a [`dbt_project.yml` file](/reference/dbt_project.yml).

The most common use-cases for packages are:

> - [Models](/docs/build/models) to share across multiple projects.

Author: ```suggestion
- Sharing [models](/docs/build/models) to share across multiple projects.
```

> - [Macros](/docs/build/jinja-macros) to share across multiple projects.

Author: ```suggestion
- Sharing [macros](/docs/build/jinja-macros) to share across multiple projects.
```

> Note, packages can be [private](#private-packages) &mdash; they don't need to be shared publicly. You can create a package within your own git provider (for example, you can create a package within GitHub) for your own private use.

Author: ```suggestion
Note that packages can be [private](#private-packages) &mdash; they don't need to be shared publicly. Private packages can be hosted on your own Git provider (for example, GitHub or GitLab).
```

<UseCaseInfo/>

## How do I create a package?

> Creating packages is an advanced use of dbt, but it can be a relatively simple task. The only strict requirement is the presence of a [`dbt_project.yml file`](/reference/dbt_project.yml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating packages is an advanced use of dbt, but it can be a relatively simple task. The only strict requirement is the presence of a [`dbt_project.yml` file](/reference/dbt_project.yml).
```

The most common use-cases for packages are:

> - Models to share across multiple projects.

Reviewer: Slight wording suggestion
```suggestion
- Sharing [models](/docs/build/models) across multiple projects.
```

> - Macros to share across multiple projects.

Reviewer 2: Links to docs for each of the relevant resource types:

```suggestion
- [Models](/docs/build/models) to share across multiple projects.
- [Macros](/docs/build/jinja-macros) to share across multiple projects.
```

> - Macros to share across multiple projects.

Reviewer: Same as above
```suggestion
- Sharing [macros](/docs/build/jinja-macros) across multiple projects.
```

> - Or both of the above.

Reviewer: I think this can be inferred
```suggestion
```

> Note, packages can be private &mdash; they don't need to be shared publicly. You can create a package within your own git provider (for example, you can create a package within GitHub) for your own private use.

Reviewer 2: Link to private packages section:

```suggestion
Note, packages can be [private](#private-packages) &mdash; they don't need to be shared publicly. You can create a package within your own git provider (for example, you can create a package within GitHub) for your own private use.
```

> Note, packages can be private &mdash; they don't need to be shared publicly. You can create a package within your own git provider (for example, you can create a package within GitHub) for your own private use.

Reviewer: Might help to simplify this point
```suggestion
Note that packages can be private &mdash; they don't need to be shared publicly. Private packages can be hosted on your own Git provider (for example, GitHub or GitLab). 
```

</File>

### Local packages

> A "local" package is a dbt project accessible from your local file system. They're are best suited when there is a common collection of models, macros, and more so, that you want to share across multiple downstream dbt projects (but each downstream project still has their own unique models, macros, etc).

Author: ```suggestion
A "local" package is a dbt project accessible from your local file system. They're best suited for when there is a common collection of models and macros that you want to share across multiple downstream dbt projects (but each downstream project still has its own unique models, macros, etc).
```

</File>

### Local packages

> A "local" package is a dbt project accessible from your local file system. They're are best suited when there is a small subset of models, macros, and more so, that you want to share across multiple downstream dbt projects (but each downstream project still has their own unique models, macros, etc).

Reviewer 2: Maybe replace "small subset" with "common collection"?

```suggestion
A "local" package is a dbt project accessible from your local file system. They're are best suited when there is a common collection of models, macros, and more so, that you want to share across multiple downstream dbt projects (but each downstream project still has their own unique models, macros, etc).
```

> A "local" package is a dbt project accessible from your local file system. They're are best suited when there is a small subset of models, macros, and more so, that you want to share across multiple downstream dbt projects (but each downstream project still has their own unique models, macros, etc).

Reviewer: Since we only give macros and models as the bulleted examples above, adding "and more" might be leave the reader wondering what they're missing.
```suggestion
A "local" package is a dbt project accessible from your local file system. They're best suited for when there is a common collection of models and macros that you want to share across multiple downstream dbt projects (but each downstream project still has its own unique models, macros, etc).
```
